Codify tag restrictions explorations (#635)
primer/view_components: docs/content/contributing.md

bundle exec thor component_generator my_component_name --js=some-npm-package-name
```

### Tag considerations

> In Primer ViewComponents, we strongly encourage components and slots have tag restriction.
> For example, an `Image` component should never be rendered as an `<h1>` and this should be enforced in the code.
> 
> When adding a new component, consider what HTML tags make sense for the component to be rendered as.
> Your component will likely fall under one of the following patterns:
> 
> 1) Having a fixed tag that cannot be updated by the consumer.
> 
> ```rb
> system_arguments[:tag] = :h1
> ```
> 
> 2) Having an allowed list of tags that are set by the consumer via the `tag:` argument using the
> `fetch_or_fallback` helper.
> 
> ```rb
> system_arguments[:tag] = fetch_or_fallback(TAG_OPTIONS, tag, DEFAULT_TAG)
> ```
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Components and slots should restrict which HTML tags they will render. For example, an `Image` component should never be rendered as an `<h1>`.

Consider which HTML tags make sense. Components typically fall under one of the following patterns:

1) Fixed tag that cannot be updated by the consumer:

```rb
system_arguments[:tag] = :h1
```

2) Allowed list of tags that are set with the `tag:` argument using the `fetch_or_fallback` helper:

```rb
system_arguments[:tag] = fetch_or_fallback(TAG_OPTIONS, tag, DEFAULT_TAG)
```

```

Author: Less wordy!
